Abaque vis (#49)
ImperialCollegeLondon/icl-rcs-user-guide: docs/hpc/applications/guides/abaqus.md

abaqus jobname=newJobName oldjob=oldJobName
```

Please see Abaqus documentation for more details

## Analyse and visualise results

> Once you have your results we recomment using ABAQUS on your local machine instead of using X-forwarding to open a window from the cluster. You should be able to get ABAQUS 2024 (Teaching License) via SoftwareHub from which you can open the CAE.  After [mounting the RDS](../../../rds/access/) on local you can then open the .odb file as normal. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have your results we recommend using ABAQUS on your local machine instead of using X-forwarding to open a window from the cluster. You should be able to get ABAQUS 2024 (Teaching License) via SoftwareHub from which you can open the CAE.  After [mounting the RDS](../../../rds/access/index.md) on local you can then open the .odb file as normal. 
```
